Update mediaflux version in CI (#643)
pulibrary/tiger-data-app: docs/local_development.md

```
docker stop mediaflux
docker rm mediaflux

> docker rmi princeton_dev:23.08.25 (if you had this old version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker rmi princeton_dev:latest  (or the version you had previously like mediaflux_dev:latest )
```

1. Set the `repository` and `tag` values of your local image (notice that the `IMAGE ID` might be different in your local installation)

```

> docker image tag 85b0eb016889 mediaflux_dev:latest

Reviewer: @bess I'm curious why you changed the tag.  The rest of us had this tag previously...

Author: Changed because "princeton" is not the name of an application and I thought "mediaflux_dev" was a better name. (I know I said this on slack already; just repeating it here for posterity)
